where youtube helps us your friend
Adrián and this time we will analyze
a very interesting application which
It is completely free in the
marketplace that is with times that we
will be useful to download some
Such topics and others do not but that right now
I'll explain, remember, it 's
totally free there is another version that
I hope or that it is complete and that
contains more options not good there are
open it first
it takes a little
let's wait, there they are or how they see
I have already downloaded two issues of halo
and this is not very good metro but you have to
see a little more the interface
this is where we are going to be able to download
the themes in dunlop themes create themes
We will not create issues so very Now
that very good but they will be
functional and they will look great in
our phone does not create the time or
the squares these we want these from
here these squares we will be able to
create not the color we want and everything
not the app review part in
other side we rate it and all that in the
marketplace contacts and a wood quit
you are not very well we are going to download a
theme for you to see not all
themes will be compatible
as you will know it is the free version and not
contains many of the options very well
but here I will show you how
download one a subject here already marks me
the popcorn because this already unloads it
very well we are going to this for example from
spider-man
here a subject appears we give it
in sweet
and this signage appears
this is the signage will appear
because we do not have the full version and
This theme can not be downloaded without
have this version without having it activated
very well then we have to go back
you have to go checking what topics
are possible to download and compatible not
This application is compatible with
any phone that has windows
phones 7.88 very well now we must see
about the issues and all that he wants
let's try better 1 and 11 of milestone and 1
subway very well
we wait for him to load
and here we choose the workshop as
come here there are many images as type
puzzle and this we put
any
here we will look like we can
change the icon
the color what is going to say here
everything we want the
animation
everything involves us we are going to put
any icon in this case I'm going
to occupy for messages I put you yes
what are we going to change
messages
we are going to put in save
and all those that we believe or that
let say
save is going to be put here not in this
case is here
is this one here
and we're going to give you anchor to start
pin to start to remember that
shows on our home screen
once done that we will see that here
is
and it is fully functional not
we can put you google mail
facebook the logo that we and we
is going to open that application now you have to
try with the other not the other issue that
unload
ok let's go to the other
this application is very good which we
allows customize
there are not many of these applications and
I recommend them not completely
we are going to put us right now here
are going to come out the different we can
put in this case I'm going to choose the
of the camera
we give to that
and we give in anchor and started has the
same function
we can change you remember
remember that if in this case I have
the gray subject as you see
and we here appear green
we can change the animation
the logo
the letters that go here
the background color and many more things already
it's a matter of you going
checking nothing I give them the name and a
small revised of the application
we give you here and it works
equally that the original works
the one that comes with the phone and see
very interesting this application the
it's really good I think it's already clear your doubts
I hope you have liked to subscribe to
my channel and see you until the next
bye